there are six different species of
flamingos and I've come to Slimbridge
wetland center in the UK to find out
more about the greater coming go in
their efforts to attract a mate
they do something no other flamingo
species does flirting for these
flamboyant birds is all about producing
your best moves and looking for fabulous
while you're doing them whole rose from
Exeter University has spent the last
three years studying how these birds
pick their partners everything about the
mingoes is about doing stuff with your
friends and I've often thought it's a
bit like primal urge for disco and that
there are some kids that really want to
kind of go on the dance floor and you
know they would want to get their their
boogie on like doing the baby I'm not
sure and eventually it kind of spreads
and everyone's like wow alright we can
do this as well and then off they'll go
and or do their dance together but you
don't often get flamingos where one is
just kind of shuffling out in the middle
going whoo I'm rid of eautiful you have
to have every single bird doing it at
the same time of course there's always
that awkward moment when someone has to
make the first move
fortunately experienced steps in to lend
a hand typically it's the oldest tallest
males in the flock who are first to
grace the dance for the first display
that you're likely to see something
called head plugging so the bird stands
boat all it extends its head in this
neck and it kind of moves its head from
side to side okay and that's normally
started by the tallest males in the
flock okay not to say the females don't
get involved they not like a peacock
where you have the boys display in a few
months ago maybe you know I'm not sure
you all do at the same time but putting
yourself out there doesn't always go
according to plan
timing is everything now I do feel sorry
for them sometimes when I want to do the
head flagging a little bit taller really
beautiful and everyone else is on one
leg fast asleep to be sad overly eager
youngsters are the ones who get it wrong
most often being ignored by the rest of
the flock is never a good look sticking
your neck out is only the start
scientists have discovered that
flamingos have nine signature moves
designed to show off their best ethics
another display that normally follows
the head flagging which is called wings
saluting it's to basically give a sudden
shot of color against the uniform their
pale body color
oh really
so this is this whole let's all right
yeah let's go and try and see if we can
get everybody together doing the same
thing at the same time I complicated
isn't it
yeah they don't do anything by halves
you